0.22     2003-06-28

- The is_olson method was returning true for all objects.  Reported by
Flavio Glock.


0.21     2003-06-25

- Switched to Module::Build, which should fix the installation
problems caused by very long Makefile lines on some platforms.

- Fixed a bug in finding the correct data for a given datetime.  This
could occur when calling set_time_zone on an object that was very
close to a DST transition, though it only affected some time zones in
a few specific circumstances.  Reported by Ben Bennett.


0.20     2003-06-20

- Load File::Spec in DT::TZ::Local.  Reported by John Siracusa.


0.19     2003-06-13

- The name() method will now always return something that can be used
to recreate the original object by calling DateTime::TimeZone->new().
The only class which changed was DT::TZ::Floating, but the fact that
name() is guaranteed to work in recreating the object is an API
change.


0.18     2003-06-06

- Switched the internal data structure for the Olson database to use
array references instead of hash references.  This seems to save a
reduce memory usage to about 66% of the hash based version.
Additionally, the files themselves have gotten much smaller.  This was
all partially based on a patch by Eugene van der Pijll.


0.17     2003-05-25

- Fixed test failures on system where /etc/localtime is not a symlink.
Diagnosed by Iain Truskett.

- There are now more things looked at to determine the local time
zone:
-- Check for /etc/timezone file.
-- Check for /etc/sysconfig/clock file.  Patch from Rick Measham.
Testing help from Ben Bennett.

- Added is_olson method so object created from a named Olson database
time zone can be distinguished from other types of objects.


0.16     2003-05-07

- Fixed a bug where a POSIX time zone in $ENV{TZ} could cause the code
to try to load a module named something like
"DateTime::TimeZone::5.0::03".

- The feature which attempts to read /etc/localtime to determine the
time zone was broken.  Reported by John Siracusa.


0.15     2003-05-05

- Fixed some bugs in calculations of offsets for future datetimes
could be incorrect.  This also quiets some warnings from DateTime.pm's
time zone tests.


0.14     2003-05-05

- Make sure tests always run with warnings on.

- The were major bugs in handling time zones where the second to last
observance had "infinite" rules (rules where the "TO" field is "max")
and the last observance did not specify rules.  An example of this is
America/Belem.

- Fixed a bug in the generated time zone code that caused it to do
more work than it should when calculting offsets for future datetimes.


0.13     2003-05-03

- Fixed DateTime::TimeZone::OffsetOnly constructor so that it only
accepts valid offsets.  Previously, invalid offsets like "foo" were
turned into zero internally.

- Made "local" look for /etc/localtime symlink as part of determining
local time zone.

- Added a links() function to DateTime::TimeZone.

- Included all the links from Olson db file named backwards, which
includes things like "US/Central".

- When searching for the current offset based on the local time, we
now prefer the later of the two offsets rather than the earlier.
Otherwise, offset shifts larger than a day can cause some very strange
problems when doing date math.

- DateTime::TimeZone::OffsetOnly objects now return the offset in
string form when their name() or short_name_for_datetime() methods are
called.  Suggested by Rick Measham.


0.12     2003-04-12

- Updated to latest Olson database (2003a).

- Fixed a bug in handling time zones with only one historical offset,
like Pacific/Johnston.


0.11     2003-03-26  the "Asia/Baghdad release"

- Fixed two bugs, both of which made some time zones unusable..  One
affected time zones that do not have any DST changes, and the other
affected time zones that have exactly two historical offsets (one of
which would be the current offset), such as Pacific/Tarawa.  Reported
by Eric Cholet.


0.10     2003-03-20

- Fixed a bug in the DateTime::TimeZone::offset_as_seconds bug when
trying given a negative number that resulted in an offset that
included minutes (not a whole hour).  Found by Flavio Glock.


0.09     2003-02-26

- Fixed an infinite recursion bug in generating future time zone data
that occurred when $ENV{TZ} was something like "America/Chicago".
Sort of reported by Eugene van der Pijll ;)


0.08     2003-02-22

- Fix handling of "local" time zone so that it passes a string to the
OffsetOnly constructor instead of a number.  Reported by Eric Cholet.

- Fix DateTime::TimeZone::OffsetOnly documentation to specify that
offset must be specified as string, not a number.


0.07     2003-02-19

- Skip tests unless DateTime.pm 0.06 is installed.  Otherwise we have
a bootstrapping problem since DateTime 0.06 needs DateTime::TimeZone
0.06+.


0.06     2003-02-16

- Changes to work with DateTime.pm 0.06.

- DateTime::TimeZone::offset_as_seconds handles '0' properly.

- Fix a bug in handling future times for time zones with recurring
rules.  The symptom would be the error "Invalid local time for date
..."

- Time zone data is now stored in a simple array, and searched using a
binary search algorithm.  This eliminates the need to install
Tree::RedBlack, and makes looking up time zone data quicker.
Suggested by Jonathan Peacock.


0.05     2003-02-13

- The offset_as_string function did not handle negative offsets
properly.  Patch from Kellan Elliott-McCrea.

- Allow 'Z' as an offset name, equivalent to 'UTC'.  Patch from
Kellan Elliott-McCrea.

- Make sure DT::TZ subclasses which need to override
is_dst_for_datetime do so.

- Changed offset_as_seconds and offset_as_string so that the former
always assumes its arg is a string and the latter always assumes it
got a number.


0.04     2003-02-10

- Be forgiving of bad names in $ENV{TZ} and just calculate local
offset instead.


0.03     2003-02-09

- Fixed bug in new method that should have caused DateTime::TimeZone
to not be loadable.

- Added is_dst_for_datetime method.


0.02     2003-02-09

- Updated version number to non-dev-release so that it's visible when
CPAN.pm looks for it as a prereq to DateTime.pm.  Otherwise identical
to 0.02 and still alpha/beta-ish.


0.01_01  2003-02-06

- Don't make pod for generated timezone modules.

- Fix a buglet that caused test 01load.t to fail with some versions of
Test::More.  Reported by John Peacock.


0.01_00  2003-02-04

- Initial alpha release